some 94 Oh Lord God to whom vengeance
belongs oh god to whom vengeance belongs
shine forth
rise up Oh judge of the earth render
punishment to the proud Lord how long
will the wicked how long will the wicked
triumph they utter speech and speak
insolent things all the workers of
iniquity boast in themselves they break
in pieces your people Oh Lord and
afflict your heritage they slay the
widow and the stranger and murder the
fatherless yet they say the law does not
see nor does the God of Jacob understand
understand you senseless among the
people and you fools
when will you be wise he who planted the
ear shall he not hear he who formed the
eye shall he not see he who instructs
the nation's shall he not correct he who
teaches man knowledge the Lord knows the
thoughts of man that they are futile
blessed is the man whom you instruct our
Lord and teach out of your law that you
may give him rest from the days of
adversity until the pit is dug for the
wicked for the Lord will not cast off
his people nor will he forsake his
inheritance but judgment will return to
righteousness and all the upright and
heart will follow it who will rise up
for me against the evildoers who will
stand up for me against the workers of
iniquity
unless the Lord had been my help my soul
would soon have settled in silence if I
say my foot slips your mercy O Lord will
hold me up in the multitude of my
anxieties within me your comforts
delight my soul shall the throne of
iniquity which devises evil by law have
fellowship with you they gather together
against the life of the righteous and
condemn innocent blood but the Lord has
been my defense and my god the rock of
my refuge
he has brought on them their own
iniquity and shall cut them off in their
own wickedness the Lord our God shall
cut them off